You found a Chest! It's locked however, and you break your hand trying to force it open!
You got hit with an arrow trap! If you had dodged, the goblin behind you would be dead. Fight!
You find a skeleton! As you reach for his gear he comes to life. Fight!
You found a mysterious green potion on an alchemical shelf! There are many side effects including going blind!
A Draugr jumps out! Unfortunately for you, he is decked out in high tier gear. Fight!
An Iron Golem blocks your path! His seal is strong and you are forced into a corner! Fight!
There is a sword in stone! However, your puny strength doesn't even allow the sword to budge.
You read an old legend on a nearby wall. It dictates that a moron will read this legend and soon die in this same dungeon. Confidence Detractor.
A Wandering Bard palys a song from your childhood! He charges an obscene price for his talent.
Your decison to take an extra health potion came back to bite you. It fell from your bag and broke as soon as you entered the dungeon.
A Mysterious wander crosses your path! He scammed you for a cheap watch...
You clear a room of Giant Spiders! Sadly, the legendary bow is broken, and now you're poisoned!
That last minion you killed gave you enough EXP to Level Up! However, you feel the toll of taking another life. You're now depressed!
A Wandering Bard murdered you in an argument. Typical.
You see a Drayd crying on the steps. You attempt to console her, however she takes offense to what you say! Fight!
You find a stranger with mysterious red and white balls attached to his hip. He throws one and a Dragon comes out! Fight!
You cross paths with a stranger in red and blue. He eats a strange red flower and transforms! Fight!
A man in green stops you! He mistakes you for the mini-boss of the dungeon. Fight!
You pass a mysterious looking box in the hallway. It's suddenly thrown into the air to reveal a man with an eye patch! He shoots you with a Tranquilizer...
You duel the raid boss of the dungeon! However, he's 10 levels over you, and you get owned. You respawn at the beginning of the dungeon...
